Add Statement to Clarify Preferred Image Policy (#1207)
astronomer/docs: software/ac-support-policy.md

> For each `major.minor` pair, only the latest patch and hot-fix combination is supported at any given time. If you report an issue with an Astronomer Certified patch or hot-fix version that is not latest, the Astronomer Support team will always ask that you upgrade as a first step to resolution. For example, the Support team encourages any user who reports an issue with Astronomer Certified 2.2.2 to first upgrade to 2.2.3 as soon as it's generally available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix bugs, Astronomer provides patch releases as new images and recommends that organizations install them regularly to ensure optimum performance. Upgrading only when an issue arises can result in delays to resolving the issue. 

For each `major.minor` pair, only the latest patch and hot-fix combination is supported at any given time. If you report an issue with an Astronomer Certified patch or hot-fix version that is not latest, the Astronomer Support team will always ask that you upgrade as a first step to resolution. For example, if Astronomer Certified 2.2.3 is the latest patch in the 2.2.x series, the Support team would encourage any user who reports an issue with Astronomer Certified 2.2.2 to first upgrade to 2.2.3 before starting to troubleshoot the issue. 
```

> To correct bugs, Astronomer provides patch releases as new images and recommends that organizations install them regularly to ensure optimum performance. Failure to install patch releases as they are made available can make it challenging for Astronomer support to assist organizations that restrict their deployments to organization-approved images. To resolve issues, organizations are often required to upgrade their Airflow version. The upgrade and image approval process could significantly delay the resolution of issues. 

Reviewer: I'm a little confused about why we need this paragraph when the line before communicates something very similar: 

>  If you report an issue with an Astronomer Certified patch or hot-fix version that is not latest, the Astronomer Support team will always ask that you upgrade as a first step to resolution. For example, the Support team encourages any user who reports an issue with Astronomer Certified 2.2.2 to first upgrade to 2.2.3 as soon as it's generally available.

Author: @jwitz my understanding is that @cmarteepants wanted to go deeper and speak directly to organizations that limit their deployments to images that they have approved. Apparently, this is an issue that needed to be addressed. I will ask Constance to confirm.

Reviewer 2: The request was from @collinmcnulty. Agreed that it's already said, but he wanted us to be more explicit so CRE could point to this when customers complain that we are telling them to upgrade.

> To correct bugs, Astronomer provides patch releases as new images and recommends that organizations install them regularly to ensure optimum performance. Failure to install patch releases as they are made available can make it challenging for Astronomer support to assist organizations that restrict their deployments to organization-approved images. To resolve issues, organizations are often required to upgrade their Airflow version. The upgrade and image approval process could significantly delay the resolution of issues. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
